the public education and in fact all
public space and decision making as well
as for the survival of unions himself
which have never been more threatened by
the forces of what i refer to in my book
and on my blog as the ownership society
we are most fortunate to have leadership
in this city represented by two of my
heroes karen and g2 so let's get right
to them Karen let's start by having you
say a little something about yourself I
know you're a veteran classroom teacher
and I happen to know that that's still
your first love because I've heard you
say that many times over please tell us
Karen how you got from the classroom to
your map being a mild-mannered classroom
teacher to to this to this fist in the
air crowd rousing dynamic union leader
and right now kind of swimming with the
sharks up there at at the CPS in the CPS
contract negotiations so I'm the first
thing I want to say Mike thank you for
hosting this and moderating this panel I
am a product of Chicago Public Schools
my parents were both Chicago Public
School teachers my husband is a retired
public school teacher I have a
sister-in-law who's retired from public
hago public schools so for me it's
almost genetic um and I have seen the
profession of teaching go from one in
which it was considered a very
prestigious to one that is constantly
ridiculed and um basically discarded and
we feel by a large it's due to the fact
that we serve um predominantly working
and um and and quite frankly lower class
students and students of color